models/bsw/README.md, before:

## BSW
Boring Storage Wall: remix of [Honeycomb Storage Wall](https://www.printables.com/model/152592-honeycomb-storage-wall)
by RostaP, of course, except I wanted a square grid instead of a honeycomb. I think I can also easily align it with
gridfinity bins this way (21mm wall units to align with the 42mm gridfinity units).

Still a work in progress, but I think I have the dimensions worked out pretty well. This printed well in both .2 and .15mm
layer heights, in PLA. I included an adapter for HSW inserts as well, but plan on standardizing on square inserts when I
build out some hooks, shelves, gridfinity shelves, etc.

Perhaps with BOSL2 I can make each insert type an "attachable", then it would be easy to mix and match.

Note: It's super easy to break the insert when using a flat screwdriver to pop it out, so be gentle.

Printing tip: If you have a 10x10 wall (210mm x 210mm) it's the max size of the Prusa MK4 print bed, and won't align
automatically by default. But if you manually specify 125 as the X (or Y, I forget) position in the slicer, it will
turn green and the slicer will accept it.

Commit message:

WIP: interim commit for symmetric wall stuff

models/bsw/README.md, after:

## BSW
Boring Storage Wall: Inspired by/remix of
[Honeycomb Storage Wall](https://www.printables.com/model/152592-honeycomb-storage-wall)
by RostaP, of course, except I wanted a square grid instead of a honeycomb. I think I can also
easily align it with gridfinity bins this way (21mm wall units to align with the 42mm gridfinity
units).

Still a work in progress. I'm still changing some of the base sizes to accomdate a few things. TODO:
- make the wall symmetric so things can be attached on both side. Gotta re-jig the springy parts
- design symmetric wedge inserts that fit tight when one is pushed in from each side
- use the "slop" variable from BOSL2 to make it easier for other printers
- design a bunch of inserts, with BOSL2 "attachable" points

Note: It's super easy to break the insert when using a flat screwdriver to pop it out, so be gentle.
I should maybe make a tweezer style tool for it that won't put all the pressure on one little point.

PrusaSlicer tip: If you have a 10x10 wall (210mm x 210mm) it's the max size of the Prusa MK4 print
bed, and won't align automatically by default. But if you manually specify 125 as the X (or Y, I
forget) position in the slicer, it will turn green and the slicer will accept it.
